docs: add zero downtime updates for central agent (#2726)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/contributor/arch/019-switch-from-gateways-to-a-central-agent.md

## Conclusion

The original motivation for the gateway concept is no longer relevant. Transitioning to the agent approach resolves many issues while introducing only minor drawbacks. However, inadequate retry handling by OTel SDKs and Istio proxies remains a challenge. Before proceeding, we must ensure this issue is addressed, considering its alignment with the OTLP specification.

### Agent rollout and zero-downtime updates

> A zero-downtime rollout of a `DaemonSet` can be achieved by using the `RollingUpdate` update strategy with `maxUnavailable: 0` and `maxSurge: 1`, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform a zero-downtime rollout of a `DaemonSet`, use the `RollingUpdate` update strategy with `maxUnavailable: 0` and `maxSurge: 1`. See the following example:
```
